Today I continue with the pokémon
show you how to sign bisasam
I wish you a lot of fun
so today we start with an oval
which we immediately share with a grid
from the oval to the right leads offer
out again
That will later take his body
behind the head and out of his body
Let's draw his buds or blossom
what it should be is just something
softe-shaped or onion left
Below we outline his
paws that are as long as the half
his head outlines one below
horizontal so that her paws
evenly spaced signs
from the silhouette you can already
know this same now we come to the
details
makes this sams face a little edgier
and with two simple triangles
Let's sketch it up
his eyes are straight down in the course
up
you are right in the middle of the
Facial is located in the lower half
his banana-shaped mouth turns into
his mouth also recognizes his
sharp shareholders directly above his
nose with two simple strokes
is drawn
specifically to his face we equal to the
also knew that bisasam on his
have all the time klub
and on we go with his post
back now we still define the
individual leaves the bisasam arbitrarily
for a juicy so was ray open
can
his dead are each
three little number
then you know that yet
square had on his body
now you can with the fineliner the
neighbor my material for that is the
comic model one with 0 5 millimeter
million thick for the difficulty
I now three as ten point
these very little difficulties
exhibit like the posts for example
actually it is not a criterion
but I think we have the right color selection
with these pokémon is relatively hard to
although he is only green, it is
important which green tones one uses
when you're done with the fineliner
and have made the sketch erased
we like the whole bunch i like my pictures
just colorful here certainly also around the
Today's material is as usual
the comic strip marca
By the way, with this tutorial we have
the first three pokémon now finally in the
pott of course follow the
developments to whichever
I do not know what eternal pokemon
you have or which are the most popular
At the moment this is just writing in the
comments and write why you
she moves so
yes and that's it you already know
Now how to regain pokémon
draws a lot of fun
until next time your comic world